README.md, before:

# Overwatch-Genji-Dodgeball
**Current Version: v7.0.0**  
**Deathmatch Code: 285QX**  

Genji Dodgeball is a minigame inspired by the TF2 game pyro dodgeball.
When the ball is red it is targeting you! Use your deflect to target someone else. Look at the person you want to target next while deflecting. Use bouncepads to get extra air and style points.

## Team Deathmatch  
**Team Deathmatch Code: VQHA6**  
The Team Deathmatch version is a version where passing is enabled by default. To pass, hold the Secondary Fire button. The ball with pass to another teammate or if none are alive, it will pass it to yourself. Each pass will cost 100 health, you can get healed by deflecting the ball to a enemy, or someone on either team dies.  

## A personal note
I am the so called founder of this game, although many names have influenced this game, and I am very proud of that.
I have done 100% of the development of this game for free and I will always do it for free. Please do not be pressured to donate, this is only for if you want to go above and beyond. But if you appreciate what I create, and have funds to spare, I will greatly appreciate any amount that you give, and I will be truly thankful, from the bottom of my heart.  
My donation link: https://streamlabs.com/mazawrath/tip

## YouTube Video
[![YouTube video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/mQmDIZGKKR8/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQmDIZGKKR8)

Commit message:

Added directions on how to compile the game

README.md, after:

# Overwatch-Genji-Dodgeball
**Current Version: v7.0.0**  
**Deathmatch Code: 285QX**  

Genji Dodgeball is a minigame inspired by the TF2 game pyro dodgeball.
When the ball is red it is targeting you! Use your deflect to target someone else. Look at the person you want to target next while deflecting. Use bouncepads to get extra air and style points.

## Team Deathmatch  
**Team Deathmatch Code: VQHA6**  
The Team Deathmatch version is a version where passing is enabled by default. To pass, hold the Secondary Fire button. The ball with pass to another teammate or if none are alive, it will pass it to yourself. Each pass will cost 100 health, you can get healed by deflecting the ball to a enemy, or someone on either team dies.  

## How to compile  
`Genji-Dodgeball.opy` is a file format compatable with OverPy, a high-level language for the Overwatch Workshop with support for compilation and decompilation.  
[Follow this tutorial for directions on how to compile this game.](https://github.com/Zezombye/overpy/wiki/General-usage)

## A personal note
I am the so called founder of this game, although many names have influenced this game, and I am very proud of that.
I have done 100% of the development of this game for free and I will always do it for free. Please do not be pressured to donate, this is only for if you want to go above and beyond. But if you appreciate what I create, and have funds to spare, I will greatly appreciate any amount that you give, and I will be truly thankful, from the bottom of my heart.  
My donation link: https://streamlabs.com/mazawrath/tip

## YouTube Video
[![YouTube video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/mQmDIZGKKR8/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQmDIZGKKR8)
